(DONE) Now use this prompt and also paste in the toggle heading below: I was trying to follow the youtube tutorial but the guy sped through stuff and i didn’t understand why he was doing what he was doing, so i need your help walking me through each step so i understand this and learn this new skill of reinforcement learning on a continuous environment. Here is the project description from the youtube video i want to build
- project description from youtube video
    
    In this tutorial we will code a deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) agent in Pytorch, to beat the continuous lunar lander environment.
    
    DDPG combines the best of Deep Q Learning and Actor Critic Methods into an algorithm that can solve environments with continuous action spaces. We will have an actor network that learns the (deterministic) policy, coupled with a critic network to learn the action-value functions. We will make use of a replay buffer to maximize sample efficiency, as well as target networks to assist in algorithm convergence and stability.
    
    To deal with the explore exploit dilemma, we will introduce noise into the agent's action choice function. This noise is the Ornstein Uhlenbeck noise that models temporal correlations of brownian motion.
    
    Keep in mind that the performance you see is from an agent that is still in training mode, i.e. it still has some noise in its action. A fully trained agent in evaluation mode will perform even better. You can fix this up in the code by adding a parameter to the choose action function, and omitting the noise if you pass in a variable to indicate you are in evaluation mode.
    
- (DONE)Read this claude plan overview from the most recent response and answer each question: https://claude.ai/chat/baebe5cc-226c-4d00-b55c-42542815f019
- (DONE)  Install claude code: https://code.claude.com/docs/en/overview


(DONE) Rewatch this video about actor critic network: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oydExwuuUCw

(DONE) Based on that video, ask claude if it makes more sense to create a function or class for each network. To me with my limited knowledge about the uses of classes it seems like functions would be better, where all parameters for each are passed as argurments.

(DONE) Read my most recent message in my claude convo on browser. Then look at my psuedocode on @main.py, because that's my best understanding of how to actually implement this code

(IN PROGRESS) Make it so the simulation actually can get successful landings, because although it's now descending upright, it is not printing the SUCCESS message.

(DONE) make it so the action includes some OUActionNoise

(DONE) Read most recent claude prompt and response

(DONE) The lander seems ot be tipping over a lot more, so i need to investigate why. Paste codebase into claude to ask why.

(DONE) Make it so I can render every 10th run

(DONE) Make it so I can render an arbitrary list of runs_to_render

(DONE) Run this message in claude code:
Now i want to be able to time my simulation to benchmark how fast it is to do 100 runs. How can I do that? I want a value on inputs called timing: bool. If it's true, the timer starts, and if it's true, the last thing to print on the terminal is the time it took.

(DONE) Time how long a simulation takes to render all 100 runs. Record it: IT TOOK Total simulation time: 427.07 seconds

(DONE) Time how long a simulation takes to render no runs. Record it: IT TOOK Total simulation time: 59.03 seconds

(DONE) Speed up my simulation by vectorizing the environments. Total simulation time: 33.73 seconds

(DONE) Make it so the agent doesn't just learn to shoot the agent upwards and doesn't attempt to land

(DONE) Here's waht changed. It is a big improvement. I rendered runs 100-105, 200-205, 300-305, and 395-399. The runs around 100 it descended and crashed. Runs around 200 actually landed. Runs around 300 actually crashed on the side, and runs around 400 it just tilted sideways and crashed fast, which is bad. Now analyze why the agent did so well around runs 200, but got worse as it progressed. Does it have something to do with the learning parameters? Here is the print statement for this code:

(DONE) Run code again and see if this happened:
(DONE)Here's what happened. It is a big improvement. I rendered runs 100-105, 200-205, 300-305, and 395-399. The runs around 100 it descended and crashed. Runs around 200 just hovered near it's starting point. Runs around 300 it slowly lowered its in a controlled manner but the run ended before it landed, and runs around 400 it just tilted sideways and crashed fast, which is bad. Now analyze why the agent did so well around runs 200, but got worse as it progressed. 
(DONE)Here is the print statement for this code: <>

(DONE)For a while I've been running my simulation, and telling you something like <>The runs around 100 it descended and crashed. Runs around 200 just hovered near it's starting point. Runs around 300 it slowly lowered its in a controlled manner but the run ended before it landed, and runs around 400 it just tilted sideways and crashed fast, which is bad. Now analyze why the agent did so well around runs 200, but got worse as it progressed. </> Within the loop that prints data for each run on line lines 312-327 in main.py, I want you to add logic to describe what happened. Here are the options, which I want you to come up with logic for: "Descended slowly and landed" "Descended slowly and didn't land" "Hovered in place" "Shot upward and off the screen" "Crashed quickly while vertically oriented" "Crashed quickly while tilted". Are there any other messages you think I should include? The reason for this is I want you to just be able to analyze the print statements without me telling you what happened, so you can still understand what happened and ultamitely improve the agent's behavior faster.

(DONE) Slow framerate and ensure that the behaviors printed actually describe what i see in the simulation. 

LEFT OFF: Copy and paste that huge print statement into claude. "Here are diagnostics for the current code. To what extent did this solve the hover explotation? Before answering, do analysis of the diagnostics, then use that analysis to inform your answer. Either way, after you do this, create a commit statement for the changes you made to solve the hover exploitation and the results they had."

(DONE) Make it so even if a error is raised, if the number of completed runs is greater than 1, still print the training diagnostics

(DONE) Fix this message that appeared after run 2397: "pygame.error: Out of memory"

(DONE) Make is so the simulation prints each episode in this format: <>Run 30 ✗ CRASHED_SPINNING  Reward: -1194.5
    ↔ DRIFTED_LEFT, STRONG_LATERAL_VELOCITY
    ↻ HEAVY_RIGHT_TILT, FLIPPED_OVER, SPINNING
    🔥 MAIN_HEAVY, ERRATIC, FULL_THROTTLE</>

(DONE) End simulation, then run it again for 200 runs. Ensure that the chart genrates after run 100, then that at run 200 another generates, then close that chart out and ensure a third generates.

(DONE) Here are my diagnostics for this lunar lander simulation. It is landing consistenly, but it isn't getting as much env reward as i want. Analyze multiple causes. My ultimate goal is to make it so the agent can get 100 runs consecutively where env reward >=200. For the outputs of the current codebase, look at 

resume refactor

run simulation and feed in print diagnostics and the charts into claude so it can identify how to make it so i get 200>= env reward for 100 consecutive runs.

Keep running my simulation to ensure it actually hits the benchmark of 200 reward for 100 episodes in a row

Next to speed up the code, ask what are other ways I can speed up this code.

Then say "Sometimes if you change your code to be less readable, it can be faster. Find high impact examples of where this could be applied, especially on complex operations that run every frame 

